So let's reset the forum once you click Update or add.
Definitely go ahead and try it on your own time to pause the video now before I will show you how I
would do that.
So where are you successful.
There is something tricky about that but let's start with the straightforward part.
After we saved our updated value or safety update about your new value I should say we can of course
call form reset here.
Now if I do this let's see if it works as expected if I type bread to year 10 and it clicks and it resets
so this works.
If I just select tomatoes and change just to Brett it updates it to read.
But now we're stuck in the update mode.
If I add red again maybe 12 it still updates the old one right.
It doesn't add a new one because we never leave the edit mode.
The reason for this of course is that initially we are in EDID mode set to False.
Then we switch to true whenever we get DS started editing observable to fire.
But we never switch it back.
While we should switch it back and actually we only need to switch it back here in on an item here I
can simply called this edit mode and set it to false.
No matter what it was before.
This ensures that we definitely leave it because we are done.
Also we could rename this on an item to simply say on submit because on an item is not correct all the
times but that is not important data.
Just a little cosmetic change.
Rename it in the template then though.
So if this emplace if we now try this again let's add a new item that works let's added an existing
one bananas to and now let's try adding schnitzel 1.
Now you see that seems to work again.
Now we can correctly update Rube's tomatoes our items here.
And it switches between EDID mode and update mode.
Of course I also need to make sure that the delete and clear button works.
So let's work on the clear button next